9:00 a.m. Michelle Eisen Janine here in
Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man with April Hong
[music] in Singapore.
>> And we're counting down to the open of
the greater China markets. Our top
stories, oil prices jump after President
Trump [music] makes fresh threats
against Iran even as talks get underway
on the permanent reopening of the Strait
[music] of Hormuz. The open in greater
China in focus with traders returning
from a holiday is the broad equities
gauge at [music] risk of falling into
bear market territory. Also on the
program, Bloomberg learns UK Prime
Minister Keir Starmer could resign as
soon as Monday [music]
paving the way for the country's seventh
leader in a decade. And we hear from
Chinese Olympic gold medalist Eileen Gu
about her brand partnerships and her
future [music]
beyond skiing. That exclusive
conversation coming up.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Happy Monday. Hope you had a good
weekend. We start off the show of course
with uh some breaking news here when it
comes [music] to the loan prime rate in
China. So as expected, unchanged for
both the one year and the five years. So
one year holds at 3%, 3 and 1/2% for the
five year here this morning. Uh no
surprises because you know, the data
really when you talk about the AI boom
and what we've been seeing in exports.
You know, according to Bloomberg
Economics this is suggesting that maybe
that doesn't show uh there's less
urgency for them to actually
policymakers to support the economy. So
there you go. Uh unchanged at the
moment. So certainly uh we have that out
of the way. We're watching of course
this reopen in China. There has been a
lot of interesting
uh I guess confusing sort of signals
that came through over the weekend when
those talks in Switzerland between the
US and Iran. But then again, we continue
to see Asian equities doing quite well
here today.
>> Yeah, I think they're benefiting in a
way from the so-called peace dividend
right away after these talks got
underway between the US and Iran despite
a bit of confusion in the initial stages
given Trump threatening these fresh
strikes and then Iranian media also
talking about on the weekend how the
talks were perhaps stalled. We're since
hearing also with the Iran-US talks and
the Qataris now issuing a joint
statement along with Pakistan talking
about how the first session of the
US-Iran high-level talks have concluded.
And as we watch that, we are also seeing
Brent perhaps a bit uh
above the 80 handle, maybe a bit of a
reversal from what we saw last week,
right? But I think what's also really
interesting um has been the repricing
that's underway on the front end of the
curve. Remember, we did get the
uh holiday on Friday out of the US, so
this is their chance to sort of catch
through as well a bit more of what Kevin
Warsh had been signaling to the markets.
Now, in terms of what we're hearing from
the Qataris as well, uh they're talking
about the communication lines that have
been formed to avoid the mishaps in the
strait. And of course, I think both
sides, the signals we've been getting
from both US and perhaps to some extent
Iran has been that the priority is to
keep the strait open, let the oil flow
in a way. Take a look at what we're
seeing in stocks in terms of S&P 500
futures as well and the trading action
that we're expecting today. Really, you
know, you're seeing that peace dividend,
I guess, including in Taiwan that is
back from a long weekend. You're up
about 2%, but uh don't forget, of
course, this week we have a couple of
other things on deck including the
Micron earnings that will inform perhaps
the pricing power, the AI trade as well.
Uh talking as as about what we're seeing
in the greater China markets in terms of
Hong Kong and mainland China, of course.
We are for the board on their market
watch on the MSCI China against the
backdrop of the tech eight really
languishing here, especially after last
week's weak retail sales print out of
China. Aside from that, we're watching,
you know, the extent in which China's A
shares sort of play a bit of support in
that respect. Dollar China holding at
that 678 level, of course. The lines
we're getting in from Qatar, it looks
like deconflicting
things seems to be the priority. Hearing
there also about some comments over
Lebanon. Yvonne.
>> Deconfliction. Yes, that's the name the
word of the day. We're going to get some
more lines here. Breaking news when it
comes to China. So, they have added now
some US firms to its export control
list, one of which is USA Rare Earths
Incorporated to that list. This is we're
still kind of go through, but it's a
total of 46
US firms now where China does ban the
government purchase of 46 US firms.
They've also added the likes of AviOx
Red Cat Holdings to that export control
list as well. Interestingly, the rare
earths company there just this is on the
back of what we heard from G7, right?
When we heard from a lot of these
countries aiming to reduce the
dependence on China when it comes to
rare earth with that target of course of
no more than 60%. So, interesting how
that kind of affects the geopolitical
sort of
trade winds, mind you, as well. So,
certainly that's one thing to focus on.
April, you're you're watching a bit more
on on some of the lines coming through
from the Qataris over of course these
US-Iran talks.
>> Yeah, and I think our team is paying
close attention to this as well. For
more, let's bring in
Steven Stapczynski who leads our Asia
energy coverage and John Herskovitz.
John, let's start with you first. I
mean, we're seeing these lines coming in
from the Qataris fast and furious. I
think it is supporting some optimism
that we're seeing some stability on the
straight or at least both sides are, you
know, working in that direction. I
wonder where do things stand on the
talks now?
What is your assessment of the progress
that's been made?
>> As you're on the talks have gotten off
and the the acrimony between the two
sides has is apparent. Jared Events
cited some progress being made,
but we had the symbolic show by the
Iranians of staying away for a bit after
Trump made threats concerning the Strait
of Hormuz.
So, they're underway at the high level
with with the mediators in there, but
the key is going to be these technical
talks. There are a lot of elements that
need to be worked out in a very short
time frame in these six 60-day period.
So, we have the official talks going on
and these technical talks are really
going to be the key to the progress in
the deal, but they're underway. The
acrimony was on display and it remains
to be seen where things will go from
here.
>> There are still a lot of questions about
the the Lebanon aspect. I mean, that's
kind of what what President Trump was
saying and on the weekend here on where
these threats started. I mean, where do
things stand when it comes to Israel
now?
>> Exactly. As Lebanon is a key issue in
this.
For the opening session, Iran made this
a point that they want to see the
ceasefire going on in southern Lebanon.
For Israel, this is a major setback for
the Netanyahu administration. They have
made the southern Lebanon as a key
security concern and have indicated that
they're going to keep troops there.
So, how this plays out is going to be
one of the major aspects for this. It
was the top of Iran's agenda today when
the talks began. The US was focusing
much more on the Strait of Hormuz, but
um
yeah, how this issues is settles out is
one of the things that's going to really
determine the future of these
negotiations.
>> Steven, let's bring you in. What do you
make of what we're hearing so far?
Because over the weekend we're also
sharing how oil has somehow some of it
gotten through.
>> Yeah, so I mean I think that there was a
lot of fear coming into today that um
you know, you saw the statements over
the weekend from from Iranian media
saying that Hormuz is shut. Um you saw
>> [clears throat]
>> clearly Trump uh making some messages on
Truth Social. Uh that was um
you know,
worry people in the market that
potentially there's escalation of
conflict between uh the US and Iran, but
clearly this Qatari statement um is
throwing uh a bit of cold water on those
fears. I think um you know, the fact
that these negotiations are continuing
um is is a bearish signal for the market
and you're seeing Brent now down about
0.5%.
Um and and WTI up just by 0.5% so there
it's kind of pairing some of those
earlier gains in the day.
Um I think you know, you also look at
the flow of oil. Um while
uh there is oil getting through, it's
unclear exactly how much. Uh Bloomberg
has counted uh about 8 million uh
barrels of oil has gotten through the
Strait of Hormuz over the last uh 2
days, Saturday and Sunday.
That compares to 20 million tons per day
sorry, 20 million barrels per day uh
before the war began.
Um that's very different than Hormuz
saying it's shut, right? You're still
getting some oil out, but at the same
time the US has said that there was 17
million barrels that got through. So
we're really sitting somewhere in
between. It's interesting that we have
these dueling narratives, but uh Uh the
fact that Qatar says that these these
talks are ongoing, that they didn't
break through, is is uh going to be
something that will cool prices down
lower likely.
>> The other thing is also how there seems
to be separate corridors that have
formed, right? Northern closer to Iran
and the US safe corridor. How is things
How are things playing out there?
>> Yeah, so we are seeing on on the Omani
side um cuz Strait of Hormuz has two
sort of corridors. And uh on the Omani
side we are seeing uh oil vessels likely
going through uh either dark um but at
the same time you're also seeing Iranian
uh vessels getting out as well. So, the
Iranian side says uh you know, they're
they're likely getting their waivers. Um
companies are able to uh import and
countries are able to import this
without the fear of sanctions. That was
part of the MOU agreement that was made
last week. Um so, not only do you have
um a a pretty steady flow going through
on uh the Oman side, but you also have
the Iranian barrels getting out as well.
So, that again is adding more supply and
adding some reassurances to the market
that surely uh the oil is getting out.
We're not in the situation we were like
in, you know, a month ago or even in in
in March uh where there was really
nothing flowing and there was fear of
this kind of spiraling into a wider
conflict for the region that would
result in refineries, uh offshore
platforms, or terminals being hit uh in
in counterattacks or attacks. Right now
um it it does seem that the that this
peace MOU is holding up and we are
getting a a bit of oil out. Is it back
to normal? No, but but there are some uh
hopes there in the market.
>> Mhm.
>> Staff, I'm going to ask you about China,
right? There's been
a lot of debate about what's been going
on with oil imports to China and the
fact that they've declined.
Some even say mysteriously. That's
really kind of helped the energy markets
kind of weather through the last 3
months or so. What happens if that
demand starts picking up again?
>> Yeah, I mean, I think that's the big
question. Uh not only So, the first one
is obviously Hormuz. The second question
is what does China do? Um the fact that
Chinese uh imports had dropped so much
in the last month or so uh had helped to
balance the market. Um even though the
oil wasn't getting out uh a lot of it
wasn't getting out. Um China taking less
of it helped so that rival importers
could get what they needed. Now, going
forward, will Chinese imports increase?
That's That's the big question. That's
what my colleagues here in Singapore are
asking their sources about. Um at the
moment, there isn't an immediate
indication that China is buying up the
market on this dip. Um it doesn't look
like we're going to see an immediate
knee-jerk reaction where where the
imports do rise. Um but there there is a
big question about how much um
inventories did the Chinese use during
this period? Um did they use inventories
or were they able to just reduce their
demand? I I think that is also part of
the big question
that the market is trying to figure out
because we don't have a clear view
exactly on how how much oil is left in
in China's uh strategic reserves. And at
the same time, it's really unclear um
how much they were able to actually
reduce their oil consumption through
lower demand. So, let's say for example,
they do need to refill. Well, oil at $80
compared to $120 in March looks like a
pretty good deal, right? So, perhaps you
see the Chinese go in to buy. Maybe they
wait for prices to fall more. But at
least at this moment right now, we're
not seeing an indication that the
Chinese are are really rushing to come
back.
>> John,
just one final quick question before we
have to let the team go. I mean, when
you look at the talks perhaps continuing
on for the rest of this week as well,
first round concluded,
what else are you watching? I mean,
potential for things to scupper the
progress that's been made so far?
>> Yeah, I mean, there's so many
contentious issues out there from Iran's
nuclear program. Remember with the uh
the deal that was reached under the
Obama administration, it took about 2
years to get a deal just on the nuclear
program. And we're looking at a lot of
other things as well from a sanctions
relief on freezing funds, how to keep
Hormuz open, um the ending of the US
blockade of Iranian ports, sequencing of
all these events,
the rewards for specific steps. There's
the technical issues are big from
from nuclear to Hezbollah in Lebanon and
Israel. There's just a lot that needs to
be negotiated in a very short time and a
lot that can go wrong if various steps
don't go according to procedure. So,
keeping an eye on these big issues in
the technical talks are going to be is
going to be something that really needs
to be a focus as we go forward.
>> John and Steve, thank you. That was our
team there Bloomberg's John Herskovitz
and Steven Sepanski
on of course on all things Iran and oil
here. Just want to recap those lines
that came through in just the last
couple of seconds here from the Qataris
and where these talks stand right now.
So, first session and those high-level
talks have concluded. There is a
mechanism that's been created here for
further technical talks. So, the
communication lines have also been
formed when it comes to the Strait of
Hormuz and really avoiding mishaps
around that key waterway. So, technical
talks to continue for the remainder of
the week for now. They also talk about
this agreeing to a de-confliction
cell over Lebanon here at the moment.
That continues to be of course that's a
sore point here and also this is
according to the Qataris as well as the
Pakistanis who have also issued that
statement in regards to where talks
stand right now. Of course, we're
counting down the open and the reopen of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong
Kong of course that's a big one after
the Dragon Boat Holiday. [music]
We continue to watch as yeah, the skies
have cleared this weekend as well.
Continues on this Monday morning. This
is [music] the China show.
All right, coming into today, of course,
we're watching the reopen of greater
China markets and [music] one thing I
think traders across the region might be
paying attention to is this read hot
that of course has crossed the terminal
from the Qataris on the back of this
negotiations underway between the US and
Iran. The Qataris saying that the
technical talks will continue for the
rest of the week and of course this
following on from them saying that the
first round of negotiations have ended.
Aside from the reopening that we're
watching today, potentially also in MSCI
China, we are seeing it in near bear
market territory as the tech eight, the
Chinese tech names, have been coming
under pressure following on from retail
sales last week. We're also watching out
for a couple of other things including
the South Korean Prime Minister in China
this week on the sidelines of WEF and
Macau visitor arrivals, another thing to
watch. And along with all that, we have
a couple of CGB sales. I think it's the
three and the 10-year additional sales
as well, Yvonne.
>> Yep, a lot on tap for at least today. I
mean even the week ahead here, you have
of course US PCE inflation, you have
Micron earnings as you mentioned as
well. So, and some Fed speakers also
going to be talking, I think Williams
and Waller as well after of course that
Kevin Warsh's first FOMC uh meeting.
We're we're also checking oil because I
think on the back of some of those
Qatari lines that you mentioned, April,
we have seen actually oil markets cool
down. In fact, I think Brent is back
below $80 here once again and really
that's helping really fuel the risk
asset side of things here in Asia. You
take a look at how tech is doing, right?
Uh and really we continue to see those
usual suspects like some SK Hynix is up
some 5% as well. But even likes of
Murata Manufacturing, Renesas, ASE Tech
are all doing quite well. As Hong Kong,
what was going to happen in the reopen
here after that long weekend, the AI
trade is going to be in full for focus
after the Chinese markets flirted with
that bear market. Meanwhile, we're
watching fixed income in China as well
as an ocean of stability. Let's bring in
Anthony Stevens, our markets reporter.
Anthony, let's start with the tech side
of things. What's driving that here
today?
>> I think we're going to have more of the
same in China, right? Going by the leads
that we're seeing in Korea and Taiwan,
you're going to see hardware continue to
do better than software. And for China,
that is a mega trend. You have the
Chinese really leaning into their
hardware progress. And again, we have
headlines about AI stimulus program
pushing further build-out of computer
data centers and so on. And that's
helping some of the the Taiwanese
suppliers to China. So, it stands to
reason that the supply chain in China
will be quite strong. On the consumption
side, we just do not see any data point
of an improvement in consumer
confidence, right? You saw kind of
Dragon Boat Festival spending just
unchanged on the year despite all this
like boomtown in tech. So, it's really
not filtering out to the broad economy
like it's been doing in Korea and
Taiwan. So, I think software and kind of
consumption plays will continue to
struggle. And it's important to mention
that this China bear market, that's
actually what is happening. It's only
these tech eight that are dragging this
market so badly. think about the Chinese
banks, they're at 52-week highs. If you
think about Chinese EVs, they're kind of
up on the year. So, it's really the
negativity in this software consumption
space that is dragging the market down.
>> Anthony, what about the rest of EM Asia?
Because we are seeing signs that it's
not just about tech or AI. Other sectors
also seem to be showing a bit more
promise as far as earnings profits are
concerned.
>> Yeah, it actually started from tech as
the tech rally kind of broadened out
into materials, into construction, into
property in some cases in in ASEAN and
for example or in Thailand. So, it
started with tech and it's basically a
broad-based economic boom. China
obviously is the exception because it's
digesting this property market downturn
and a down and a slowdown in
consumption. But, now in terms of the
broadening, you do need this oil price
to settle down for Asian consumers to
see feel confident. There's a lot of EM
consumption stories in India, in
Indonesia, in ASEAN generally, uh, and
also in Africa. Uh, part of the EM rally
at a headline level was also the Latin
American countries benefiting from
supply chain realignment. So, there's a
few megatrends going on here that help
EM stocks, but the situation in Iran
really does need to cool down for EM in
aggregate to keep rally.
>> All right, Anthony. Thank you so much.
Bloomberg's markets reporter, Anthony
Stevens. And we'll continue tracking how
markets reopen today on the greater
China front. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, more [music] Iran lines to
tell you about here. We're hearing now
from the Iranians on how these talks
progressed over the weekend. And this is
according to the foreign minister,
Araghchi here. Abbas Araghchi posting on
X. So, he mentions here when it came to
oil and petrochemical exports are
waived. Also, he mentioned that some
frozen assets have been released. And
when it comes to the reconstruction and
development plan, that has been launched
for Iran, according to Araghchi here.
So, mediation delivered major progress
to end the Lebanon war. So, these should
be pretty positive headlines crossing
through here,
when we talk about, of course, what came
out of these talks and what's going to
be talk happening in the next 60 days or
so. The big thing everyone was kind of
really questioning was about the
financial incentives. And then really
what we've been seeing here, this
development plan for Iran worth at least
300 billion dollars. So, according to
Araqchi, those that plan has been
launched for Iran right now.
That should continue to see oil markets
cool, right? You're seeing there we're
we're back below $80 when it comes to
Brent here. Watching, you know, when it
comes to risk assets, the Kospi
continues to rise more than 2% here here
this morning as well. So, there you go,
$75 for WTI as well. So,
it seems like what we heard from the
Qatari is just the last couple minutes
as well that, you know, the mechanisms
are in place to continue these talks and
the technical talks will continue for
the remainder of the week as well. I
think that's enough for, you know,
traders to look at this and see, "Look,
we're continuing to see some pretty
positive vibes here."
>> Yeah, positive vibes and in the sense of
how does that inform the sort of trading
we're going to see in the greater China
markets today, right? Because
you did get the sense that with the Iran
peace deal, of course, this was
developments early last week that the
likes of South Korea, Taiwan were really
benefiting. Maybe that sat a bit of
demand from Chinese equities overall.
So, you know, the way in which we're
seeing a bit of pressure coming for the
Hang Seng and the Hang Seng tech, of
course, also
through the lens, in a way, of this AI
consumption plan. That'll be another
thing that we're watching for the
session as well. There has been a bit of
a reversal for the
bearish dollar narrative, so we're
watching that in terms of dollar China
as well. And these are some of the names
that will be in [music] focus, the
energy-related stocks as we see oil
following on from an earlier spike early
in the session reversing towards 80 now.
Lots more ahead. We'll continue tracking
these Iran developments. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
[music] show. We're counting down to the
open of markets in Iran and it's really
the focus that has shifted now as we
watch out for what's been coming out
from the US-Iran talks in Switzerland.
Hearing from the Qataris talking about
how technical talks will continue for
the [music] rest of the week. They seem
to also be trying to agree on
deconfliction in a way over Lebanon. And
Abbas Araqchi, the Iranian foreign
[music] minister, also talking about how
oil exports have been waived, the
blockade has [music] been lifted, and
some of the frozen assets released. So,
overall, signs [music] of major progress
following these talks, Evan.
>> Yes. I mean, the confusion of the
weekend was, [music] of course, what we
heard from Trump, right? Threatening
here when it came to what was going on
with Hezbollah in Lebanon. And now that
we're hearing [music] the likes of the
foreign minister of Iran saying that
talks deliver major progress to end
[music]
the war in Lebanon. I think that should
be a clear signal for today, at least,
that things are are progressing in a
meaningful way. So, that in itself is
allowing for risk assets to return on
this Monday morning on a positive side
of things. CSI 300 onshore markets are
coming back from that holiday, as well.
Uh slightly, moderately higher here this
morning. And you are seeing the likes of
the China X. We'll see how that tech
trade goes for for Shenzhen here, but
we're up about half of 1%. First and
foremost, Shanghai crude is following
the oil price slightly higher here
today. Although, we have in the last few
minutes or so, really snapped out of the
last few sessions of gains uh when it
comes to oil markets, just given some of
the headlines that we are digesting here
this morning. So, we'll see how this all
plays out, but still, when it comes to
onshore markets, uh as Anthony
mentioned, right? some of these consumer
consumption names are not doing quite
well. Look at the day and group we're
down 1%. Uh we did get some Dragon Boat
Festival sort of data coming through
here. Not much really improvement here
when it comes to the consumption side of
things uh during that that 3-day
holiday. So, that may be not be helping
the consumer side. Uh and even when it
comes to the software side as well
because that the the tech eight as he
says in Hong Kong has really kind of
dragged offshore markets to the
downside. We see that once again here
today. HS Tech is lower by 1 and 1/2%.
We're still on bear market watch for
MSCI China here right now. 7043. If we
continue on this trajectory, we might
get there here today. Uh we'll see, but
you are seeing some pretty big moves
when it comes to Baidu down some 2%,
Meituan, Tencent, uh
and Alibaba's down some three this
morning. Uh we'll see how Jiupu fares uh
in just a bit here, but we're watching
some of these oil names first and
foremost just given the cooling this
geopolitical risk premium seems to
diminish when it comes to oil markets
and that certainly is leading to some of
the oil companies in China to head lower
here. CNOOC is heading the opposite
direction. We're up 1% and we're
watching some of the brokerages as well
uh here today. Certainly, this is what
they're doing right now. If we can flash
that board, guys. There you go. Most are
higher here. Uh this is after what we
heard from Paul Chan speaking to the
China Daily. Some reports saying that
Hong Kong is seeking more investment
quotas and IPO access for mainland
investors. This is of course against
that backdrop of of course China
cracking down on some of these illicit
stock trading from mainland investors.
Uh Jiupu was doing this, right? I mean,
yes
last session, another 20% gains. We're
seeing another 13% here today. Uh it's
going to be pretty interesting here just
just given this new language model. It
really continues to show that it is one
of the maybe leading sort of models out
there even globally according to some
reports. So, we'll track this one once
again with Robert Lee and Bloomberg
Intelligence here on what's really
driving Jiupu here today. Uh could be
seeing another Jiupu mini max uh pair
trade continue to those two to head in
the opposite directions. Rare earths,
that's one thing to watch here. So, the
US firms have been added to this export
control list from China. This is on the
back of what the US did, which basically
was adding some firms as well just a few
weeks ago on national security risks as
well. So, we're watching rare earths in
particular here, some of which are
lower, but it's a mixed bag here today.
So, there's lots of to really kind of
digest here this morning. Let's get to
our next guest.
>> Sam Leong is CIO of KGI International
Wealth Management. He joins us here.
>> Well, then
>> I take a look at what's been going on
around.
I mean, oil is seems to be continuing to
fade some of the the risk premium around
that. Can I continue to look at risk
assets without worrying about inflation
anymore or what do you think?
>> I think in the very very short term,
potentially yes, but we all know that
even now we are in in
in moving into the so-called MOU phases.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh over next 60 days. But, anything
potentially could happen over next 60
days. There could be a deal or there
could be no deal.
So, in the very short term, yes, there
would be positive sentiment to drive the
market still going higher or oil price
lower. But, uh do expect some more
volatility to come back
to hold the market probably over next 60
days.
>> Mhm.
I I know you you've been focusing on
mainland China and Hong Kong, which
>> Yeah.
>> Um you could say they've been
outshined by the rest of Asia given just
the bifurcation we're seeing around the
AI story here right now. What's the
outlook for the the rest of the year?
>> No, I I think right now a lot of the
underperformance so-called for Hong Kong
China market was driven by the
dispersion of the focus on the AI supply
chain. Where the rest of Asia, for
example, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, a lot of
that was mainly focusing on the hardware
side, on the upstream of the AI supply
chain. While in China, a lot was driven
by the downstream, more on the
application for the AI supply chain. And
as a result, as the market is is quite
short-term for the time being.
Everyone just focusing on on is the
immediate earnings impact.
Uh we know that AI the upstream of AI
supply chain will be much more immediate
in terms of reflecting the earnings in
the upcoming quarterly earnings. Uh for
the downstream, that could potentially
take more long long-term. Therefore, I
think that indirectly is reflecting the
market that the willingness to look more
long-term
is not really there.
>> As we speak, we're hearing how MSCI
China has fallen what 1 and 1/2% so it's
on track to enter a bear market. You
talked about the maybe short-term lens
that investors might be viewing AI in
terms of, you know, maybe focusing more
on how they can monetize things. But
what do you think is the end game here
and the extent in which maybe there
needs to be more of a focus on how maybe
the adoption of AI is a bit different
from at the end of the day the AI
advancement
as a goal per se.
>> I think the the overall direction of
China AI development will not be
derailed by the short-term
underperformance of the market. I think
fundamentally the difference between the
Western AI development model and the
China development model is very
different.
I think on the West, a lot of that was
focusing on the hardware side, on the
model side, on the technology side. Um
I think
a very good example of that development,
the cap of that will not be mainly on
hardware or the model. The cap of the
Western development of AI will mainly be
on the social contract. For big tech
company, they can fire their entire
workforce or majority of the workforce
overnight.
But they won't do that.
Mainly because of the social contract
and potential government intervention.
Now, if you look into the East, in
China, I think right from the very
beginning, the involvement of the
government in the AI development
direction is very early.
I think in China, the model is to how to
integrate the AI model into the
ecosystem. How to help the existing
business to improve margin and improve
efficiency. And therefore, the social
impact will be much less. So, you can
argue that the visibility and the
certainty of the China AI development
model is actually much higher. And just
because of the short-term market
underperformance, I don't think the
Chinese will be changing this business
model.
>> So, in terms of the beneficiaries then,
I mean, you said you still favor some of
these downstream AI names right now.
What are going to be those potential
winners?
>> No, I think I think
we're similar to the last
boom of the internet bubble.
Who developed internet?
Some may know, some forget, but the
company is not there. Who make most of
the money from internet?
Those who use the best use of internet
make the most money out of that.
I think similar in China, a lot of big
internet giant,
they have a huge ecosystem and they are
incorporating the AI model into the
existing business. That will prove them
to the
to be the ultimate winner in this AI
race.
>> Cousin, aside from AI, I wonder what is
your assessment of risk per se in the
back half of the year. I mean,
we're watching and trying to decipher
what the Fed is going to do. So, rate
trajectory is on the cards, but aside
from that, also trade negotiations
between the US and China. How that might
pick up. How are you positioning or
advising clients?
>> Yeah, I think I think I can I would like
to divide that question into two part. I
think in terms of the short-term risk,
uh the one and the largest risk is that
because of the underperformance of the
Hong Kong China market,
uh and that potentially and together on
the backdrop that uh the rest of Asia is
doing quite well. Um what we afraid
would be a richer cycle where capital
start to flow out of Hong Kong China and
then that richer cycle just keep the
market moving down. Uh just like
post-COVID, uh we have couple of years
where investors try to avoid the market.
But, I think this time there could be
two main difference. One is on the
development side. Ever since China uh
announced the the uh deep tech model, I
think the development of the technology
and the model just keep going on. Um I
think that is one um main catalyst for
the market. We don't know when, but as
far as there is a announcement of that
new technology breakthrough, uh that
will be a big catalyst for the market.
And therefore, I think that will prevent
money from shorting uh long-term on the
market. Secondly, I think uh very
different from couple years back, uh
there is huge amount of IPO into the
market and that will cap the global
investor focus into the Hong Kong China
market. Although short-term there's lack
of catalyst.
>> I want you to put your your old property
hat on.
>> Yeah.
>> And talk tell me about Hong Kong
property. I I part of that whole
IPOs and you know, is really kind of
driving a lot of the the real estate
market to come back. How how real is it
this recovery, you think, this time
around?
>> I think this is much realer than
the last 15 years when I look at the
Hong Kong foreign market. I think this
time around,
this is not driven by liquidity. That
was not driven by speculation. That was
purely driven by
population in Hong Kong increasing, and
there is demand for housing, and that
drive the rental yield to increase to
surpass the mortgage rate. I think that
looks to be much more
solid than all the past up cycle I've
seen.
>> Ah, very promising. Cousin, thank you.
It's great to have you. Cousin Lau
there, CIO of KGI International Wealth
Management, joining us here in our Hong
Kong studios. Coming up, investors now
bracing for a super El Niño weather
pattern [music] to drive temperatures
higher in many parts of the world. Yeah,
we've certainly been feeling
temperatures go north this week, and we
got a stock picker's guide to how to
navigate all that next. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, checking the weather here.
Um, it's very hot. There's a weather
warning that's going on in [music]
effect in Hong Kong today. I think we
were talking about 3° or so, but it
certainly does feel that way. You know,
we were complaining about the rain for
weeks now, and now everyone's
complaining about the heat once again.
April, what's new? But yeah, that
certainly does lead to a lot of
questions about what what the weather
is, and how it's really impacting
markets, cuz we got to talk about this
kind of threat now of of a super El Niño
weather system.
>> Yeah, you know, complaining about the
weather seems to be an Asian pastime,
but, you know, where out for [laughter]
the super El Nino weather system that
also maybe has some investing
implications, right? Uh cuz that weather
system could be one we see as we head
into next year and maybe complicate the
outlook for central banks as well given
maybe what this means for crops, food
prices, food inflation. Here to talk us
through all this, senior Asia equities
reporter Abhishek Vishnoi joins us now.
So, Abby, we've been warned about this
super El Nino for a couple of months
now. It seems to be gaining steam. I
mean, how does that affect stocks
investing?
>> Well, in the context of where markets
are, you've got Iran war where risks are
sort of receding, but you on the other
hand you've got inflation and higher
interest rates are going into the
equation. So, this weather pattern
actually turbocharges that. On a from a
top-down perspective, it feeds into the
higher inflation and narrative, higher
interest rates narrative, and that's
where it starts impacting growth stocks,
impacting you know, uh big members of
variety of indexes. But, uh at on the
bottom-up side, you know, this is
supposed to be um the hottest year on
record. So, 2027 uh can can can go that
way as well. And then this pattern
weather pattern in the past when it has
been normal has actually erased about
7.8 trillion in productivity uh in
2015-2016.
Now, think about the context
with which it's coming. It there's a
about a 63% chance of a super event, a
super El Nino, which essentially means
you know, more rainfall, excessive
rainfall, excessive floods in some parts
of the world, and a lot of drought in
the other parts of the world. So, from
the bottom-up side, it weighs on the um
agricultural yields. It helps
agricultural product makers. Um it
disturbs the equation in terms of the
heat levels, the energy demands, so
power producers gain. And then you have
uh you know, fishing industry which
might also uh suffer because of its
consequences. So, there are a variety of
industries which are getting impacted
because of this and uh it starts showing
up in in a gamut of industries but it's
not that simple to trade at the headline
level it can be but when you look stock
specific it all depends on you know
let's say which company has decent
inventory which doesn't which company is
present in both cycles of let's say
sugar market you know in in India and
Brazil that may benefit but you know
companies with low inventories or you
know just looking at one cycle may see
crop yields deteriorating at least this
year.
>> What about geographically? How how do
you see the markets then panning out?
>> So geographically I mean the impact
would be very much like Iran war but you
know in context like think about poorer
nations lower per capita GDP those who
don't have reserves buffer
you know and and our energy import
dependent. So those countries would be
suffering a bit more than others
but you know again at the headline level
you know it goes through the interest
rates inflation and that's why it feeds
into you know tech stocks and growth
stocks it can become a risk. But
you know the the stock specific
opportunities here are very much related
to agriculture horticulture etc. like
you know fishing industry in Peru has
been disturbed it has come to a halt so
there might be a lot of losses there
there are companies in India which are
present in both sugar cycles of the
world so that may benefit but there are
a lot of companies in India which are
not so they are losers there
and then of course the energy demand I
mean that will remain constant across
the board it is supposed to be the
hottest year on record.
>> Abby we've been talking about MSCI China
looks like we are on course now today to
enter into that bear market if things
end the way they are after this session
but you're still seeing you know when it
comes to some of these optical stocks
for example in China some of them like
Yangzu opticals up some 20% here today.
That bifurcation that you're seeing
across, you know, tech continues. Is
that only going to get wider from here?
>> Well, it looks like that. And you know,
actually our team is writing something
in that regard. So, you have to divide
China into two speed or
two kind of Chinas. And we've been
writing about this. Now, this is
becoming way more pronounced. So, there
is an index called MSCI China ASEAN
linkage index, which, you know, looks
at, you know, Chinese companies which
are exporting through ASEAN or other
parts of the world. And that index had
outperformed MSCI China. As you rightly
said that, you know, it's MSCI China is
entering in a bear market. It's down
about 11 12% this year. But that index,
which has, you know, these Chinese
winners exporting to ASEAN or through
ASEAN, that is up about 300%. So, that
two speed narrative, both on the side of
economy,
as shown
in the macro data of May, and in the
stock market, that's catching up. And
this is really important because
over the years, through the entire last
decade, there have been, you know,
multiple major markets which have just
not been
have not been in sync with the economy.
So, economy might be weak, economy might
be doing one thing, but markets want to
rally and they do. And then you got this
AI trade. So, you know, ignoring
anything weak macro and, you know, going
in in the favor of bulls. But here is
China. It's now, you know, the at least
the old China part of it is sinking with
the economy. So, you know, the exports,
the new engines of you know, growth,
they are getting,
you know, support from the bulls, but
the old economy, the consumer, the
consumer discretionary part, property
part, that's, you know, that remains
weak. And it's expected to remain like
that.
The important thing is that this new
China part is, you know, shaping up
pretty nicely. The AI related stocks,
the, you know, the optical fiber and
optics related stocks that you were
mentioning, they they are seeing gains,
but
a lot of these names need to become part
of the main index. Otherwise, the rally
would remain below MSCI China. It won't
be visible in the benchmark. But there
would be rally. The market cap would in
in aggregate keep increasing. There
would be winners. But you know, the
winners of you know,
who are supposed to come into the index
will take their time to come in.
>> They will, it seems. Abhishek, thank
you. Abhishek Vishnu there are senior
Asia equities reporter here. And as we
of course mark what's been going on MSCI
China. Goldman Sachs is coming out with
that latest report as well. They're
sticking with of course the A-share
market here over H here when it comes to
the earnings outperformance of onshore
indices. They say powered by no surprise
shifting AI profits towards hardware. So
when it comes to that earnings growth,
they're now saying
when it comes 11% in second quarter for
CSI 300. 20% for 2026. On the flip side,
they want to talk about MSCI China
earnings growth. That is seen as 0%
0% in the second quarter and 8% in 2026.
So certainly that continues to show as
we were talking about this bifurcation
within of course that AI supply chain in
China hardware versus of course
downstream software in the offshore
market as well. We have plenty more
ahead. We'll continue to watch of course
what goes on here across these Chinese
markets as they reopen after that Dragon
Boat Festival. Hong Kong Hang Seng now
lower by about 1 and 1/2%. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> In case you missed [music] it, if you're
watching some of these Dragon Boat races
over the weekend, take a look at this
one in Bazhong City, China here.
Humanoid robots joined their human
counterparts in a Dragon Boat race in
Sichuan, China last Friday as the
country marked the annual festival. And
according to CCTV, oh my gosh, they got
a poncho on. I love it. Engineers
tweaked the robot's waist-powered strike
to better mimic human paddlers. The race
is part of a preview campaign for the
2026 World Humanoid Robot Games that set
to open in August in Beijing. I can't
get enough of this. Obviously, April all
the time. I mean, first it was what?
They were hip-hop dancing during the
Spring Festival and now they can dragon
boat, too.
They seem pretty slow, though. Is it
just me?
>> match
>> [laughter]
>> at one point, yeah. They're taking over
the sporting world.
>> Yeah, it certainly feels that way. I I
wonder I mean, they seem to be going
much slower than what I usually see in
Hong Kong.
Um anyways, shout out to the Bloomberg
team, by the way.
For for the Hong Kong team winning the
silver cup race uh here over the
weekend. But certainly it just goes to
show, right? Uh when it comes to the AI
beneficiaries, I think Custer Lo was
just talking about that from KGI. Focus
on the likes of humanoid robots. That's
where we where the really the potential
winners are going to be in this whole AI
application stages well, which he says,
"Look, at this stage investors are not
willing to look long-term about where
the application side of things is really
going to benefit. But certainly now, we
continue to see it's still that hardware
story today, April.
>> Yeah, but against that backdrop also,
you just spoke with Abby about how the
other sectors you took talk about AI
modeling, right? Take a look at some of
the movers in the session as well. If
you watch how Trip.com has been
rallying, of course, they took a bit of
a break on Friday, but some of the other
sectors
are just on the front foot. Trip.com
almost 30% higher against the backdrop
of this AI consumption [music] plan, of
course, coming from the Chinese. And
MSCI China, take a look as well at how
we are faring. All that that's entering
[music] that bear market territory. Lots
on tap. We'll get more in the next hour.
You're watching [music] the China Show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. We come
back from that holiday and once again we
are watching very closely [music] on
whether we do end the day of MSCI China
entering into that bear market. We're
lower by 1.3% right now. So it looks on
course for that sort of milestone here.
But certainly when you continue to watch
the outperformance when it comes to some
of these AI names on the hardware side
of things it continues to show this
divergence, right? And Goldman, that's
why they're sticking with their call
that A shares are going to outperform A
shares there on when it comes to that AI
hardware earnings edge and where they're
seeing that yeah, so when earnings
visibility here. And that's why, right?
We are seeing when it comes to Hong Kong
continues to struggle here today and you
watch some of these individual movers,
Avril, and it continues to be that big
tech that continues to weigh on Hong
Kong.
>> Absolutely. The tech eight, right? These
are the culprits that are dragging the
MSCI China into bear market territory.
Maybe we see that at the close and
Alibaba, the lens through which we're
watching some of these Chinese tech
consumer names is how they've been
spending on AI and they've been dealt a
heavy hand when it comes to whether
they're able to monetize all this. Take
a look at how the likes of Zhipu,
MiniMax, the AI model developers,
Opticals as well, right? Those are the
stocks that are doing well today. You
talk about Goldman and the call on AI
hardware. I think this really informs
the sort of diversion or dispersion
we're seeing in the markets and you're
also looking at the rest of the region
in terms of that bit of risk appetite
kind of seeping back into markets yet
again. To be clear, they didn't really
need that help. I mean, you're already
seeing the memory trades doing pretty
well even in the absence of a very clear
Iran peace deal. But today, the signs
that we're getting from both the
Iranians, the Qataris as well, that's
lifting some optimism. You're looking at
the MSCI Asia Pacific 3/4 of a percent
higher.
Um Bitcoin also catching a bid, Brent
below 80, and this is how the rest of
the region is shaping up. Really unlocks
and allows investors, I think, to clear
and focus on to things such as the
memory trade. Remember, this week we
also have Micron earnings on deck. So,
this peace deal and implementation of
the MOU, the positive signs coming
through from these foreign players,
really, I think, that's lifting markets
as well today, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, look at Taiwan coming back from
that holiday, and we're up close to 2.6%
here right now. So, yeah, we continue to
see now it seems like the I guess the
clouds have I guess you could say you
know, you can say you would push them
aside a little bit when it comes to
geopolitics here. According to what we
heard from Iran's foreign minister this
morning, saying major progress has been
made at talks in Switzerland towards
ending the war in Lebanon. Now, Qatari
and Pakistani mediators say technical
talks between the US and Iran will
continue for the rest of the week. Let's
bring our managing editor, Jill Disis.
She's been following the developments
for you. Um it's interesting how
positive it seems like some of the the
statements are coming through here from
the weekend. What stood out to you?
>> Yes, that's right, Yvonne. I think in
particular, the fact that you've got the
statement from the foreign minister um
is really encouraging here. That
certainly, as Yvonne mentioned, um
what's boosting some optimism in markets
right now. Because remember, it was just
on Sunday when um things seemed to be
very confusing. Um there was some
indication from Iran that talks may have
been halted over some threats that uh
they perceived from Donald Trump. So, I
mean this is a quite a stark reversal
from that that information coming there
from the Iranian foreign minister. You
you just had a statement up on screen a
moment ago. I was reading through it
earlier. He's talking about oil and
petrochemical exports waved. The
blockade is lifted. Some frozen assets
are released. So, I mean if you're just
taking that at face value, this this
pretty short statement coming from that
foreign minister that does indicate that
there's
a line toward you know talks improving
there. We all saw obviously you heard
that statement from Pakistan and Qatar.
They've been the mediators on all of
this saying that there is some of that
progress made. I think the big question
though is where is Donald Trump in all
of this from the US side of this. We're
still waiting for a statement to come
out from the Americans. So, we'll see
you know whether or not we've got
something there that kind of you know
confirms the fact that this progress is
being made. Remember there's still about
a 60-day negotiation process through the
preliminary talks. So, I think you know
anything can really happen there. But
this is some of the more encouraging
lines that we've really seen in this
conflict.
>> Yeah, Joe you raise a good point. I
think sometimes when it comes to
negotiations which involve the US
president, it's about reading the tea
leaves as well. I was just reminded how
long this war has been dragging on for.
How determined
do both sides look to you know ensure
there is a durable end to this conflict
that the straight remains opened?
>> Well, I will tell you what. I think you
know there's been some pretty palpable
frustration from Trump particularly over
the last month or so. I mean remember
this is a president who initially said
when this conflict broke out at the end
of February that it would take about you
know four to five six weeks to resolve.
We're obviously well well past that
point. So, I think that at least when it
comes to Trump you know there is
certainly that indication that he wants
to get things wrapped up particularly
because he does not want oil prices to
continue spiking through the US midterm
elections later this year. Big you know
sort of domestic issues I I think to
consider here. But I think you know
the other, you know, the other part of
this with um, with with with Trump and
and with Iran, um, I think that the
other piece of this that is still kind
of an open question is where Israel kind
of stands in this. Um, I mean, they
weren't a part of the original um, peace
talk negotiations here. I think that um,
you know, that does continue to seem to
be something that um, you know, a lot of
this is going to ultimately hinge on um,
whether or not there's sort of that end
to um, that ongoing proxy fighting
involving Lebanon. Um, so I think we'll
have to see uh, where this ultimately
uh, where this ultimately goes. And
again, I'm still kind of waiting for
that uh, follow-up statement from Donald
Trump himself.
>> As are we, Jill. Thank you so much for
walking us through all of this,
Bloomberg Managing Editor Jill Disis.
Now, for more on the outlook for the
Strait, let's bring in Bloomberg oil
reporter Nicholas Lor. Uh, Nicholas,
we're seeing Brent shipping below 80
back again to what we saw last week,
right? Uh, how are markets positioned?
How How are oil traders positioned?
>> I think it's one thing to listen to the
Iranian rhetoric, but it's quite another
to see how flows are suggesting that
that rhetoric isn't as
uh, fully blown as it used to be. Uh, as
we've seen over the weekend, at least
five oil tankers have passed through the
Strait of Hormuz, exited. And these are
oil tankers carrying in total around 8
million barrels of crude, right? And
these are all ships going through the
Omani route. So, that's the route that
the US uh, military is claiming that
it's been able to protect. And at the
same time, in addition to these flows
that have happened despite the weekend
claims from Iran that oh, straits were
closed, um, we've also seen more cargoes
on the Iranian side. So, three tankers
with some Indian connection have see
appeared outside uh, after previously
signaling around the Iranian side of the
waters. So, I think all this shows that
despite the rhetoric, uh, there is some
kind of like intent to de-escalate. And
I think that's reflected in how for the
ship owners with the gumption to make
the crossing, those ships are starting
to pass.
>> And that energy supply, the shipments,
you talked about India. Where else is it
going to? Do we have a sense of where
these supertankers are headed?
>> I think right now, it's still pretty
unclear because in a way the world is so
starved of crude, right? So, in a way
the people who are able to pay for it,
they're the ones who are getting the
cargoes. So, what's clear is these are
the cargoes that the world is
desperately waiting for, right? The
Emirati cargoes, the Saudi cargoes. So,
these are the cargoes that are able to
produce the fuels that the world is the
most short of. So, I'm thinking of
things like diesel, thinking of things
like jet fuel. So, in some ways, whoever
the buyer ultimately is, what we see is
balances sort of calibrating towards
pre-war levels. To be sure, we're not
anywhere near that yet, but at least
we're pointing in the right direction.
>> Okay, pointing the right direction.
Um,
what what could go wrong, I guess,
Nicholas is my question. What should we
be worried about on the horizon?
>> [laughter]
>> I think everyone, you're you're right to
flag that. Uh, we've already heard about
the sticking points, and while there are
some uh suggestions in the news that's
moved most recently in the last half an
hour or so, including from Iranian
Foreign Minister Araghchi, suggesting
some kind of like rapprochement is
approaching. I think it doesn't change
the fact that the issues dividing the US
and Iranian camps are very vast, right?
Again, we've not heard too much beyond
preliminary positive signs that we're
going to make progress on Iran's nuclear
program. Uh, we've not heard too much as
well beyond the claim that, okay, yes,
uh Lebanon and uh
uh the fighting in Lebanon's going to
ease off. Uh, at the same time, I think,
as we've already heard from Jill, the
Israelis were not a party to this
conversation, and as we've already seen
as recently as this weekend, the
Israelis were saying they were going to
maintain their position in southern
Lebanon, right? So, I think there's a
lot that threatens to blow this powder
keg up again, even as people try and
work towards peace.
>> Nicholas, thank you so much. Bloomberg
oil reporter Nicholas Wu Luoa talking us
through everything to do with oil and
shipping, and the focus on the Strait.
and you of course just seen there a map
on the northern southern corridors and
that is the way in which shipping
[music]
has sort of been returning to the
straight. We'll continue tracking
developments related to the war and this
peace this day tone [music] that we're
seeing. This is Bloomberg.
>> All right, in terms of your week ahead,
this is what is on tap on the economic
front here this [music] week. Of course
we just had those LPRs unchanged from
China here this morning. There is going
to be that [music] US May core PCE
inflation data that's going to be key
for the market especially a week after
the Fed and Kevin Warsh is of course
commentary when it comes to committing
to fighting inflation, right? So that's
only going to be one thing to watch.
There's some Fed speak this week. I
think Waller and Williams are going to
be speaking post of course that FOMC
meeting as well. Thailand has a rate
decision one to watch out for and some
inflation numbers coming out from Tokyo,
Australia as well. But yeah, let's not
forget Tuesday. That's a big one. We got
the WEF in Dalian. Also MSCI review.
This is when it comes to the
reclassification
of what we could see potentially South
Korea and Indonesia. That could be due
on Tuesday as well. Joining us now is
Joanna Traua, head of emerging market
economics at Citigroup Global Markets.
It's great to have you all as always
here.
>> Hi Ilan.
>> It seems like energy at least is cooling
off here. The risk premium has lowered.
Oil's back below 80. But central banks
continue to seem a bit more hawkish.
Does that bring any risks, do you think?
>> Well, I think there are these two
opposing crosscurrents, right?
Absolutely. You I think we should have a
reduced inflation risk premium on the
back of the sharp move in oil prices.
And actually City we had major revisions
in our oil price forecast assuming that
this deal really holds notwithstanding
the recent noise. But you're absolutely
right. We're also having another regime
shift, which is the fact that Kevin
Warsh is now in town. Prior to the Fed
policy meeting, there was a lot of
anticipation because of his the
political nature of his appointment that
he might kind of hint dovish. But, in
the end, I think it showed that Kevin
Warsh was not pre-committed to a view.
And in fact, if anything, it was
surprisingly hawkish in terms of its dot
plots. Uh nine out of 18 calling for a
hikes. And it's got And again, talking
about price stability, emphasizing price
stability. So, I think this
crosscurrents is kind of what is kind of
factoring in. And I think when we look
at the outlook of what monetary policy
and what it means, we kind of really
have to see which which which which is
weighing more than the other. So, I
think last week we had obviously we had
three hikes. All of them I mean,
Indonesia was a bit that you know, we
were actually thinking they would pause.
But, the other two, it was widely
expected that they would hike. But, I
think going forward, it kind of varies.
I mean, our our view is that for some of
these net energy importer economies in
Asia,
uh that certainly especially the ones
that really pass through uh the energy
price, it's quite you know, fluid. Then
you could see a reversal. So, there is
room, although we still expect two hikes
out of the Philippines. I think the bias
of risk, if this energy price decline
continues, and which is our expectation,
that it could remove some of the
hawkishness bias. Now, having said that,
we still have super El Nino, which we
need to watch out as a risk. But, for
the other markets, I mean, you know, for
example, in the case of Indonesia, you
know, obviously they they hiked you
know, four 100 basis points now. Part of
the reason why they were hawkish had a
lot to do with FX market pressure. It's
less about inflation. Now, the question
is with what's happened with the Fed and
what's happened with a bit of resurgence
of the dollar, is it sustained or not? I
mean, at the point point at this point
we're not expecting a dramatic you know,
we're not even expecting a Fed hikes.
But, clearly that also could constrain a
little bit, you know, the BI's room for
maneuver. And remember, Indonesia,
unlike uh Philippines, did not really
pass through the fuel price. So, there's
a different dynamic there. Uh but again,
I think different markets have different
stories. I mean, Japan, you know, we
just had uh some comments out of the BOJ
deputy governor which were surprisingly
hawkish. This is another country that
didn't really pass through
fully the fuel energy price shock. And
when you have a more hawkish Fed and a
stronger dollar, I mean, that could
obviously raise some risks on the on the
potential path of monetary policy.
>> So, even if I mean, once we do see the
straight up for moves reopen, which it
seems like there's some indications that
early signs of it right now,
I mean, it it be it's beyond an
inflation story. It It seems like global
growth could come back in a big way.
What we're seeing early US data has been
so resilient as well. So, can the Fed
actually, do you think, still afford to
hold for the rest of the year?
>> Well, again, people have very, very
conflicting views. And as you know, and
and obviously Kevin Warsh was
non-committal. It's going to be very,
very data dependent. Now, Citi's house
view is a little bit more benign, a
little bit more dovish, thinking that a
lot of these inflationary pressures
momentum will kind of dissipate,
especially now with oil prices coming
off, as well as the view that labor
market will also weaken, and that could
lean towards a dovish bias. But again,
clearly that's not really showing up in
the data. Atlanta GDP now still has
growth forecast at 3%. So, on a
day-to-day basis, and the next key data
to watch out for is the payroll number.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we probably still will lean on to
sort of a a risk of market continuing to
reprice.
Um so, look, I think the path of least
resistance is probably to do nothing for
now. If anything, all of this any kind
of clarity on next policy move will be
to delay the moves.
Uh but again, it depending on data. And
then again, as I said, that the path and
the spillover to central banks will also
depend on what they're watching for in
terms of the key driver of monetary
policy. So, for example, on the opposite
extreme, you know, Korea, we were
calling for four hikes, but the Korea
hike really had less to do with Iran or
oil prices.
>> It's just the output gap is positive,
you got financial exuberance, and now
that you have an Iran deal, that
probably is going to carry on further.
So, that doesn't really change anything,
right? Um meanwhile, just to give you an
opposite story, the one country where we
changed our central bank call right away
was actually India. We used to have two
hikes and now we said no hike and part
of the reason why is because this
reduction in oil price forecast
expectation is going to reduce a lot of
the pressure on the current account. So,
the current account deficit's going to
shrink from two to 0.9% and then
meanwhile they also announced a lot of
capital flow measures which I think
should stabilize the BOP and we do think
even though they didn't fully pass
through the fuel price, they did pass
through some and some of the
inflationary pressures from
petrochemical and other kind of related
derivative products could also ease and
that's why we're saying maybe RBI won't
have to to hike from here. So, you see
very opposing narratives. So, we really
need to distinguish which country
>> Yeah, very nuanced across the EM
complex. I want to bring it back to
Indonesia cuz you mentioned it was what
the insurance hikes that we've seen.
The MSCI is going to be at least making
their decision here on whether in
Indonesia needs to be downgraded or
maintain that emerging market status.
What what do you mean you know, if they
actually avoid being downgraded, do you
think that takes away a lot of the risk?
>> Well, that that certainly provides a
relief. Uh but I wouldn't say they're
completely out of the woods. Now, having
said that this energy price decline will
help a little bit on the current
account. But as you know, the big driver
of Indonesia is really the capital flow
story. I think one of the things that
we're a little bit more constructive on
is the fact that prior to this whole
Iran deal news, there was already
movement in India to basically allow
bond yields long end bond yields to move
up. Part of what was really suffering in
terms of capital inflow is they were
intervening a lot in the bond market and
not allowing you know, price discovery.
The fact that you allow more price
discovery and bond yields moving up,
hopefully that will equilibrate capital
flows. But the story is not as clear as
the India story where there was really a
lot of new measures uh from a previous
kind of restrictive capital account
stand. In Indonesia, it's very sentiment
driven, you know, even though you know,
they're allowing bond yields to move up
to hopefully attract capital flows, it's
a pretty open capital account. So,
markets can move quite quickly as well.
So, I think BI cannot really relax at
this point. Although now, you know, they
have hiked 100 basis points. At the
moment, we have a pause.
But clearly, they're going to have to
watch how the global external
environment unfolds in terms of risk
appetite for capital flows.
>> far monetary seems to be the one lifting
a lot of it, but what are you looking
for more from the government itself? Are
we Are we expecting the fiscal side of
things to actually
>> Well, I think obviously the market wants
to have some confidence about restraint
on fiscal. Now, now it's good that we
have oil price coming off. It will help
at least on the subsidy bill. But I
think there was news over the weekend
that I think today there's supposed to
be announcement of like, you know, I
don't know, 20 new measures on, you
know, support measures for households.
Then the question is because the
government tends to have a little bit
more of a populist kind of pro-growth
bias, that does, you know, obviously
have some impact in terms of how people
want to factor in kind of risk premium
on bonds. So, I mean, again, there's
always a price for everything. If you
allow a clearing mechanism, that should
attract attract capital flow, but we
need to watch this space very closely.
>> I was going to get you there on China
because we we heard some interesting
news come Liu Jiawei from the PBOC
governor about really
hinting at a shift when it comes to that
overnight reverse repo rate as maybe the
new framework. Do you see that as a
shift
>> Well, certainly I mean I mean certainly
the fact that they narrowed the
corridor.
And then if anything, we moved from plus
50 minus 20 to like symmetric plus minus
25. To the extent that the, you know, if
we're in the easing liquidity bias and
we're on the lower end of the corridor,
it's kind of a tacitly five basis points
reduction and on the on the rates.
But I think it's good. It does suggest
that they obviously want to manage the
volatility of the over of the seven-day
repo and where the policy rate is
guiding us.
But again, I think the bigger story in
the bigger picture in China is that we
still have a very two-tiered economy
where domestic demand is very weak. I
really don't think monetary policy is
the main policy tool that you need. You
really it needs to be more fiscal
policy. Now, the big debate right now is
the economic condition weak enough to
push for more fiscal stimulus going into
July Politburo meeting. And frankly, at
this point, I would say probably not yet
because exports are still doing fairly
well. I mean, we had two consecutive
months. And to the extent that we have
this Iran deal, supposedly assuming it
holds, I think part of the weakness of
domestic demand in 2Q may have also been
exacerbated by the uncertainty on the
Middle East and the Iran war, which was
pushing a lot of cost-push inflation.
So, in a way, external environment does
provide a bit of relief on China, not to
mention the global AI capex boom
boosting exports. So, that's why I don't
really see at this point an urgency for
them to do something. So, I see this
policy rate corridors really kind of
just a refinement, maybe tacitly a
little bit lower a lower rate of by by
five basis points. But again, it's
really all fiscal policy, which is a
major factor that we need to watch watch
for.
>> How are you watching the jobs market? I
mean, people talk about AI displacing
jobs. Uh I think it's quite interesting
in China how that could play out as well
given you know, youth unemployment has
already been quite high as well. But in
terms of just
prolonging the the consumption malaise
that we're seeing here, do you think AI
could really prolong this much further
what we're seeing in
>> Well, I mean, again, it really depends.
I think there's obviously some concerns
about AI being either a substitute or a
complement. And there is a worry that it
could be a substitute. And part of the
jobs problem in China could be also a
skill mismatch
>> Yeah.
>> that you gear towards certain types of
jobs, but you know, this this technology
is pushing you in another dimension and
that is obviously a big challenge. So, I
do think that, you know, at the moment
without additional consumption stimulus,
broad-based social welfare reform, it's
hard to see a big turnaround here on on
the consumer market and the sentiment.
And of course, the AI is kind of feeding
into anxiety, especially when you have a
top-down directive that wants to really
push diffusion. Uh but maybe I mean,
some of this may be over anxiety because
you know, again, it's a question of how
fast can AI really disrupt the job
market. You would think it should
disrupt job markets in places where
labor costs is really a lot higher than
in places where costs are are lower.
>> Johanna, it's always good to have you
Johanna Chua there, head of emerging
market economics at Citigroup Global
Markets. A look at how Asian markets are
doing as we head to this break here
right now. Hang Seng continues to see a
bit of pain here this morning. We're
down close to 1 and 1/2%. And we're
watching very closely now the MSCI China
looks on set to really enter into that
bear market [music] today. Onshore
markets are still doing okay. CSI 300 is
up about 6/10 of 1%. [music] North Asia,
take a look at Nikkei, Kospi still doing
well. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're flashing some lines
here right now [music] when it comes to
the Chinese Vice Premier Ding Xuexiang.
He's been speaking at a [music] supply
chain expo this morning and he's been
talking about some countries abuse use
of export controls. Also talking about
China is an anchor of stability and a
propeller of the global economy. So just
some lines crossing here this morning
and the risk of a fragmented supply
chain, he says, is growing. We're
watching very closely of course some
stocks in particular here
on the topic when it comes to exports
and the like indium stocks. So this is
what I'm I'm learning a little bit more
about this. It's a soft type of metal,
one of the softest types that's been
used in supply chains that make
electronics and touch screens and the
like.
They are rising on this report of of
some possible tighten export checks.
That's why you are seeing some of these
moving quite high limit up here this
morning onshore. EV stocks have also in
focus here. So there has been some
reports according to this EU hybrid cars
tariff report that BYD has been leading
the China EV stocks a lower here on this
of course report here. So, there you go.
You're seeing BYD down some 4% or so.
XPeng is also seeing some pretty similar
declines here across the board on this
tariff report from the EU.
Also watching when it comes to China
e-commerce stocks as well. So, there's
an interesting move from City saying
that when it comes to new Labubu toys,
it's drawing mixed reviews. So, that's
what we're seeing when it comes to
e-commerce stocks also declining. City
seeing pretty muted 6 to 7 18 sales as
well. So, that's why you are seeing the
likes of Baba down some 3% here today.
Pop Mart is also slightly lower, but the
consumption side of things not looking
too strong across China there today.
We're also watching some of these LG
stocks in particular here. Executives
there to visit Nvidia's headquarters
[music] to discuss physical AI. That's
going to some local reports there. So,
LG Electronics up some 11 and 1/2% this
is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment here. We're still seeing some
[music] pretty decent upside here when
it comes to equities here. Nikkei 225 is
up close to 2%. Topix is also up 1.3%
here today and we are actually are on
course for one of the best quarters I
believe in about 6 years when it comes
to global stocks here as well. So, the
tech trade certainly continues to power
through for another day here on this
Monday morning. And look at dollar yen.
We're we're back above 161 levels here
once again. So, certainly that's one
thing to watch. We're also focusing on
some of the the lines that are crossing
here from the Prime Minister Takaichi
talking about a consumption tax will
return after a 2-year cut period. So,
that could be quite interesting
when it comes to that side of the trade
there. So, certainly we're watching that
very closely. We're also, I mean,
talking a little bit more about dollar
yen, right? That continues to be that
that story here and what to do after the
BOJ did hike, after the Fed leaned a
little more hawkish, and we're still
talking about a dollar yen trade that's
around 161 levels here. Asian markets
are doing here this right now. US
futures are still in the red, but then
again, we're seeing quite a bit of green
when it comes to some of the North Asian
markets here. Taiwan's coming back from
that holiday here and catching up. Their
Kospi, Nikkei doing well. China's, yeah,
obviously the other side of the the coin
here. We're taking a look at MSCI China
now on pace to enter that bear market if
things continue the way that they are
right now. We're flat when it comes to
slightly flat, I would say slightly
higher here when it comes to the US
dollar, but really you see the very left
box on the first
column there, 2 and 1/2% up is Infotech.
So, there goes where the where
preferences are here when it comes to
Asia.
Of course, we're talking a little bit
more about what's going on with the UK.
Obviously, we've been hearing here when
it comes to Keir Starmer's future,
could be
in question here and on the brink of
resignation. There's a plan that could
be expected imminently according to our
sources. Let's bring in our chief Asia
correspondent, Rosalind Mathieson, with
the latest on this. Roz, what do we know
at this point?
>> Well, the pressure is really rising on
Keir Starmer at this point. We know that
he spent the weekend talking to a lot of
his senior party members, having
conversations huddled in rooms about his
future and really the extent of the
victory that we saw from Andy Burnham in
the by-election last week. Just the pace
of his victory has really started to
inform those conversations. So, the
expectation is now that Keir Starmer
will make some kind of announcement
within a matter of hours Monday morning
UK time that will be some sort of
announcement about his future. It may be
that he announces a pathway towards him
stepping down. His inclination going
into this by-election had been to fight
on no matter the outcome, but again,
that seems to be shifting in the days
that have followed that by-election. So,
will he announce he's stepping down
straight away? Will he announce he will
step down after a certain period, maybe
a matter of months that would allow
Labour to organize who's going to
replace him and in what parameters. But,
it does seem as though the pressure
internally is leading Keir Starmer
towards that point where the feeling is
some kind of orderly exit versus a very
combative leadership contest might be
the way at least for Labour to try and
reset and try and avoid some of the
leadership chaos that we've seen
previously post-Brexit with the Tory
government cycling through leader after
leader after leader and trying to avoid
period again of chaos. But, we'll have
to see what comes from the announcement
down this morning from Keir Starmer.
>> Yeah, we're talking about the pound
pretty soon with Ruth Carson in
Singapore and she's really talking about
I think we're talking about fresh lows
when it comes to Sterling here. And
investors are still kind of wondering
what direction the British government is
going to go
with a potential Andy Burnham here
taking over as Prime Minister. How do
investors look at him, Ross?
>> Well, that's the tricky thing because is
this going to be if Keir Starmer does
indeed step aside, will it be a
coronation of Andy Burnham or will there
still be some kind of leadership
contest? And they will have to see Andy
Burnham really flesh out his thoughts on
policy on who his bench might be because
again, big question who would be his
Chancellor of the Exchequer. He would
have to navigate a lot of factional
dynamics within the Labour Party. So,
you've got big figures on the left who
want to spend more and Andy Burnham's
traditionally been in that camp. He's
been quite careful in recent months to
try and shift himself away from those
narratives and to say he would also, you
know, create fiscal discipline. He would
hold true to those fiscal goals that the
current government has trying to
reassure markets and particularly the
gilt market that he would do that, but
his tendencies are still there and he
might face some pressure to spend and so
there's going to be real questions about
what kind of policy objectives he would
have if he becomes Prime Minister and
can he navigate all those fractional
dynamics to hold the line fiscally and
that's what markets are watching very
closely.
>> Rosalind, I think Rosalind Mathieson
there, our chief Asia correspondent with
the latest when it comes to UK politics.
Let's go to our chief correspondent FX
and rates in Asia, Ruth Carson, joining
us from Singapore with more on this.
Right, we've talked about the pound in
focus today along with gilts as we hear
about this maybe possible path to
resignation for for Prime Minister Keir
Starmer.
Do you think the pound is at risk of of
short-selling here as these political
risks percolate?
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think Ross really
captured the mood in UK politics right
now in terms of, you know, all the
different factions out there and
obviously the key question as well,
what's happening on the fiscal side.
This is dominating investors view at the
moment. Do you sell the pound further?
Do you sell it at fresh lows? And do you
sell gilts as well? Is that the easier
expression here when it comes to worries
around politics and obviously the fiscal
side. Now, look at FXFM go on the
terminal is a wonderful function. It
shows you what FX traders options
traders are actually thinking about the
direction of the pound and there's a
more than 60% chance that, you know, the
pound could potentially trade around the
130 mark against the dollar, you know,
over the coming months. So that's shows
you that pressure there as investors
question the fiscal path for the UK
under a potential, you know, phantom
government.
>> Okay, that that's one thing to watch.
What about the yen? I mean, you know,
we're at 161 levels here right now,
Ruth. How How real do you think this
intervention risk here is for the
currency? And And does Japan's currency
risk falling much further from here?
>> Yeah, and again, as soon as the Asia
bell sort of starts on the trading day,
all eyes on the yen. And yes, at 161,
you have to question did
did authorities in Japan really spend
all those billions of dollars to prop up
the currency only to see it evaporate
and Japan's currency heading towards
1986 lows. I mean, look, the market is
out with its judgment, right? The BOJ
hiked, it is not enough. At the same
time, you've got rate differentials now
really weighing once again on the yen.
Treasury yields are higher today, and we
all know that really plays into Do you
want your own Japanese assets as well as
a debate? So, is intervention risk real?
Absolutely. You know, I still remember
August 2024 when the yen carry trade
imploded and the yen snapped back. Now,
intervention risks absolutely real. The
question is just how effective it would
be.
>> Yeah, and and and brings to the other
side of the equation, which is the
dollar, right? I see stocks are up now,
yields are up now, dollar is up. It
seems like the the correlations are
going positive again. You know, what do
you think has driven this sort of move
in the dollar? Is it haven demand or
what else?
>> It's all of the above, Yvonne, and
probably more. I mean, oil is rising. We
know the petrodollar story is real
still. And yes, you've got Fed hike bets
as well. That's priced into the curve.
So, there's a lot of reason to sort of
flock to the high-yielding greenback in
this environment. And yes, when there
are tensions in around, when there are
political uncertainties in the UK, when
there are rate differentials weighing on
the yen, you go to the world's ultimate
haven, which is a dollar, undisputedly.
So, absolutely, there is dollar demand
right now. The question is, you know,
has it run too far?
>> Ruth, thank you, Ruth Carson, there, our
chief correspondent for FX and rates in
Asia, checking all things G10 here this
morning. Uh we'll continue to check oil
prices right now. Let me take a little
out. Brent and [music] WTI are fair and
continue to see uh more downside here.
We're around those session lows when it
comes to Brent markets. We're lowered by
2% [music] and now below $79, $75 for
W-WTI. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we are checking when it comes
to the AI trade in China here today. You
continue to see the likes of Jiipu and
Minimax doing quite well. Both of which
are up 16%, which is interesting because
the two have actually been diverging uh
with Jiipu outperforming up until today.
So, certainly that's going to be one
thing uh to continue to watch out for.
There was, of course, last week there
was some sort of the AI consumption sort
of plan. There were some sort of talk of
subsidies and the like uh into that
sector. So, maybe that's what's really
pushing uh some of these AI stocks to
continue higher here today.
>> SMIC is also up some 3% here. Uh for
more, let's bring in our senior industry
analyst, Robert Lee. I want to start
with Jiipu cuz this stock has basically
just gone gangbusters. It's been
basically just gone vertical the last
couple of sessions here. But about this
new language model, what what what what
do you make of it first and foremost?
>> Okay, so this launched over the last
couple of weeks. This is GLM 5.2. On on
some international benchmarks, it ranked
top in terms of its agentic coding
abilities. So, I think that's what
catalyzed the excitement and we've had
some broker upgrades, etc. Pushing price
type price targets up. But taking a step
back from all of that and obviously
there's a lot of retail money going into
these smaller names at the moment. Since
this company
IPO'd in January, consensus estimates in
terms of their operating loss have been
widened by 70% and this reinforces or
confirms a key point we're making. That
a Gen AI use which they are, you know,
well geared into is actually going to
widen their operating losses because it
is a loss leading product at the moment.
So, based on consensus numbers, this
company's going to lose between 6 and
700 million US dollars this year. That
loss will actually widen into 2027. So,
there seems to be quite a disconnect
between the stock price performance and
the fundamental outlook for the company
which based on consensus numbers has
actually worsened.
>> Yeah.
But it's interesting. How good is the
actual product though? Because I think
there's some reports out there that are
saying that it's comparable to even US
frontier tech in some ways.
>> Well, again, we put out a separate note
today which is looking at the data from
May and the performance premium that
enjoyed by US models is typically 10 to
15% most months. That actually narrowed
to about 9% in May which is quite
something. The leading model in May was
Alibaba.
Um So, but again, if if you look at
these ranking tables as we do
consistently
they're very, very volatile and you've
got one company leapfrogging the next
from literally from week to week or
almost day to day. There are so many new
models coming out. So, I suppose at
least it shows the, you know, the high
quality of Chinese developers, the high
quality of their models.
But in a market which is incredibly
fragmented at the last count there are
around 900 large language models in
China. 900. And you think when ChatGPT
first made the headlines in early 2023,
you probably couldn't have named any.
So, this market is really flooded with
supply at the moment. Yes, the gap is
narrowing in terms of technological
uh leadership for the US, uh but again,
monetization and the commercial outlook
remains significantly in question.
Hence, you've got little companies like
GigaPoo, which are actually suffering
widening losses going forward.
>> I mean, the market still continues to
prefer hardware over software. Do Do you
think that this is going to continue for
the rest of the year?
>> Uh
ignoring the actual numbers that these
companies aren't delivering, that has to
make sense because everything runs on
chips these days, and particularly
models.
Uh and also, we saw unconfirmed reports
or allegations that maybe some ASML EUV
technology had leaked into China, which
has been refuted by, you know, Chinese
companies. Um but clearly, uh China is
pushing towards semiconductor
self-sufficiency. Uh if you remember the
uh big technological advance that Huawei
announced uh several weeks ago, um
again, backed by a lot of state support
and state money, China is making really
good progress on semiconductors. So,
absolutely, everything in this world
runs on chips from your toaster to your
rice cooker, you name it. So, I think
chips, at least it's something hard,
it's something tangible.
>> Your Your report talks about the US
firms to to maintain that AI performance
lead for now.
>> Yeah.
>> Now that we've narrowed, you say, the
gap, I mean, how
How long do you think it would take for
China to to come and override the US in
some ways?
>> I think the US will probably maintain,
in terms of model performance, will
still maintain a lead because they have
unlimited access to these high-end
Nvidia chips. That's something Chinese
companies cannot access. But as the
performance of Chinese semiconductors
continues to improve, I think that will
lead to a narrowing of the gap. But I
think for the time being, you know, the
next 18 months or so, the US will remain
in the lead. But what is in a a
two-horse race between China and
America, and the gap between them is
narrow and fairly insignificant for most
mainstream tasks.
>> Interesting. All right, Robert, thank
you. Robert Lee there, our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior industry analyst.
Make sure to check out his report here
today about China AI model performance
to narrow that gap with the US. Some
other stories that we're tracking for
you today, China's exports of some
critical minerals to Japan remain low in
May amid a political dispute. Chinese
customs [music] data show that exports
of certain types of tungsten, as well as
some rare earths, remained at zero. Now,
this extended downturn follows Beijing's
tightening [music] of controls in
January on items with both civilian and
military applications shipped to Tokyo.
Hong Kong is reportedly in talks with
[music] Chinese authorities to expand
cross-border investment channels and
grant mainland buyers access to [music]
local IPOs. Financial Secretary Paul
Chan told the China Daily the city is
proposing to lower entry thresholds for
qualified investors. Separately, Chan
told another China-owned outlet [music]
that regulators may allow mainland
retail investors to subscribe [music] to
Hong Kong IPOs.
India is reportedly seeking a
competitive advantage over rival [music]
nations for rolling out a trade
agreement with the US. The ANI agency
[music] says Commerce Minister Piyush
Goyal believes that India's duties need
to be lowered compared to those of
competing nations. [music]
President Trump met Prime Minister Modi
last week and said they were very close
to a long-awaited deal.
All right, coming [music] up, we're
going to be talking to the triple
Olympic gold medalist Eileen Gu. She
speaks to us about her motivations in
sport, life, and business. That [music]
exclusive conversation is up next. This
is Bloomberg.
Well, six-time Olympic skiing medalist,
China's Eileen Gu, says she's looking at
investment opportunities and potentially
starting her own company. The most
decorated female freestyle skier of all
time spoke exclusively to Bloomberg in
Hong Kong on whether she sees herself as
a bridge between China and the West.
>> I think it's the other way around in
that I just am who I am and then the
brands that also reflect that will align
with me, right? And so, I am
I exist in many different places. Um I
travel a lot for training, for, you
know, different events. And so, I have
communities and um locations that I feel
very connected to all over the world.
And so, I think it's only natural that I
have brand partnerships that reflect
that because um that's just who I am.
>> But, what makes you do what you do? I
mean, what you do is extraordinary. It's
also very risky. You've put yourself in
situation where you've had massive
injuries, shoulder, concussion. I mean,
for a mom, my god, I mean, that must be
quite a terrible situation to be in.
But, you go back to it. What drives you?
>> I think it's a lot worse for my mom than
it is for me. [laughter] I think you're
definitely right on that part. Um
What drives me to
>> Is it adrenaline?
>> I don't think I've ever considered
quitting. It's like just not even like
that's just like never even crossed my
consciousness. So, it's hard for me to
answer that. I wish I had some kind of
like punchy thing, but it's just who I
am. It's what I do. And I think when you
integrate, how about this? The reason I
care about skiing is that it essentially
synthesizes all of the values and
reflects back to me those values that I
judge myself by, right? And so,
everybody has a set of values by which
they define success. And so, for some
people, it's beauty. For some people,
it's influence. For some people, it's
wealth. You know, all these whatever
different avenues. Maybe cultural
impact. Maybe giving back to the
community. These are all different
things. I define my success by how well
I know myself, how hard I'm able to push
my boundaries, personal growth. I care
about social impact. And so, all of
those
values that I care most about are
reflected directly in skiing.
>> If I were to trail you for a week, what
might surprise me?
>> How little wasted time there is.
Um generally speaking, nobody can trail
us for like I said, us, [laughter] my
mom and I. Um
just because you really have to love it
and you really have to be invested and
engaged in it because otherwise it will
kill you. Like it is just so exhausting
and there is not one moment that goes
wasted. So, it's like all my meals are
eaten in the car. Um I do all of my prep
during hair and makeup. Um I will
simultaneously do multiple interviews
and media things in one day. I will
squeeze in
like a workout in the most random time.
We have a flight almost every day. I
sleep whenever I can. So, like just
little things where you're like, "Wow,
I didn't realize literally every single
moment is spoken for." Like how much you
can pack into a 10-minute window.
Something like that I think would be
most surprising. It's always the little
things.
>> When you think about the future, what's
in it for Eileen Gu? People talk about
perhaps I mean you've achieved so much,
but the future could hold, you know, the
movies, business, entrepreneurship. How
do you look at the future for someone
who's achieved so much at the top of her
game in everything that she's achieved?
>> I'm investing more now and um growing
interest in that area
alongside mentors of mine um and and
just kind of exploring that niche a
little bit more. I'd love to start a
company. Um
those are kind of things that interest
me. I'm writing a book right now. I I
really sit still for very long, but I
also don't like declaring
I don't like declaring goals
until I meet them. Like if you go back,
you'll never find an interview of me
saying I'm going to win the Olympics.
Even after I'd already won the first
time, I there's no interview where I'll
ever say I'm going to do this. I can
only say retrospectively, this is what I
have done. Um
so yeah, I I think that I'm
not very good at sitting still and that
I will always find a way to fulfill my
purpose. Generally speaking, my goal is
to make the world a better place. And
so,
um the avenues that I take to reach that
will naturally evolve with my age and
my, you know, wisdom and place in the
world.
>> That's why she's an Olympic champion. I
mean go there speaking exclusively with
our Bloomberg inside anchor, Haslinda
Amin. Checking markets here right now.
Continue to watch what it comes to oil
markets here this morning. This cooling
when it comes to crude it continues
here. Uh we're down to about 2% uh when
it comes to Brent. WTI is around $75
here right now. Shanghai crude is
continues to follow that. You watch
where gold is going as well cuz given
just the headlines we've been seeing
over the weekend from the Qataris and
from the Iranian side. The foreign
minister did speak uh in the last couple
of minutes or so talking about the
positive uh progress that's been made uh
in Switzerland with those talks. We're
still though waiting for President
Trump's side of this as well. Whether of
course uh those statements do align is
one thing. Gold is actually slightly up
although we are seeing some of these
gold miners are heading quite
substantially lower here this morning.
Zijin Gold is down some 6% or so. Uh and
we're watching very closely what happens
when it comes to MSCI China, right? So,
we already hitting that milestone uh set
to enter a bear market here today. The
next one to watch is a going to be HSCEI
as well. Feeling the similar fate here
as well. We are also nearing bear market
territory for Chinese stocks listed in
Hong Kong. We're down about 1% here
right now. 7,888
levels here. Level to watch, of course,
is 7,779.
Whether we hit that here today.
When you take a look at rest of Asia
though, it's it's a much different story
here when it comes to what you're seeing
in Korea, in Japan, in Taiwan, which
coming back from that holiday here
continue to see some good gains here.
And really that's lifting Asia stocks
higher here. We're up about 9/10 of 1%.
Certainly we've been seeing the oil
price is certainly helping here as well.
Also when it comes to the likes of AI,
right? That continues to be an up arrow
story when it comes to the hardware side
of things here and really over shine the
software side. That's why you're seeing
Hang Seng continue to suffer here. Let's
take a look at what it comes to, of
course, what else we're looking out for
this week, right? So, you know, key
central banks, that's kind of out of the
way, but US PCE inflation is going to be
the key thing to watch. That's going to
be happening as well this week as well
as that MSCI reclassification review of
[music] Indonesia, of South Korea. Key
things to watch, of course. This is
Bloomberg.